Who tortured him?
I'm usually busy with work, and my mom is taking him with me.
And usually the emperor will take him out to play
Buy him gifts often.
Why torture?
Mengmeng told Dad what happened
Say it out loud.
Wang Shao, you can't really beat Mengmeng, right?
Didn't you promise me?
After marriage
Will you treat Mengmeng like a newborn daughter?
Warm up
Learn this my daughter
The emperor is dedicated to you
You are married for the second time with children
The emperor doesn't dislike you at all.
And you have to be the matchmaker.
Promote 100 billion cooperation
How could the emperor do such a thing?
That makes sense.
Ye Tianci
You don't want me to use my child as a bargaining chip, do you?
Ah yes I look at him
Everyone is
Ye Tianci, I need an explanation
Mengmeng told me personally
Mengmeng tell everyone
Who's the bad guy?
Hey, you are not welcome here.
Get out of my way
I'll tell you what.
Don't you dare talk nonsense
I'm calling you Wei Yu too
And your dad
I killed him in a thousand ways
Let you become a wild girl no one wants
Do you hear me?
Hahaha ok
Mengmeng is very good
Now I'm willing to tell the truth
Come to Mengmeng and tell everyone
Uncle Wang didn't hit my grandmother or bully me
This is what my dad made me do.